readline: fix .question still called after closed (#42464)
nodejs/node: doc/api/readline.md

If this method is invoked as it's util.promisify()ed version, it returns a
Promise that fulfills with the answer. If the question is canceled using
an `AbortController` it will reject with an `AbortError`. If the question is

> called after `rl.close()`, it returns a promise in a never settling state.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what's the correct wording here (https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-promise-objects) 🤔
```suggestion
called after `rl.close()`, it returns a forever-pending promise.
```
```suggestion
called after `rl.close()`, it returns a promise that will never settle.
```
```suggestion
called after `rl.close()`, it returns an unresolved promise.
```
